Capstone Coach 1: Okay, Karen. Karen, can you hear me.
Karen Fireman: Yes, sir. How are you
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, I'm doing well. I was just a little worried that maybe people didn't have the meeting number. Where did you find the media numbers in your calendar or
Karen Fireman: I found it in the this the left hand side of your, of your part of our a campus website and I put it in there in the morning. This morning and tried it, but I agree with you there certainly are, and
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so it should be on a campus somewhere. Right. Yeah.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, it is on the left side where it says like office hours. Oh, Wilson, how are you
Karen Fireman: Hello Wilson.
Wilson Pineda: Carrie. Hi, how are you very
Karen Fireman: Good.
Wilson Pineda: Hey clay. I look at yours.
Capstone Coach 1: Hey, are you doing
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, it's sort of nice to see people
Karen Fireman: Oh, it's great to see you. It's
Capstone Coach 1: The, you know, the classroom setup is is foreign. You know they're there were no cloud. There were no students in the classroom.
Not I, actually.
Wilson Pineda: I said, some people thinking about it.
Wilson Pineda: We kind of, I think, I cannot pay bye bye everyone. But are there were some comments that people prefer session we do in your house with the better off than the office.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, I saw, I heard that also
Capstone Coach 1: I i think all because I have better control over my voice. You know the volume. And also, I can hear what you're saying. These earphones or noise cancelling, you know, they're really good boys. Most are
Capstone Coach 1: So I can hear it, the mica the actually the speaker in the classroom sounded like there was something wrong with it. There was a reverb. I mean, was just
Capstone Coach 1: Sounded it sounded like it was broken. I couldn't make out what people were saying
Capstone Coach 1: And and then the computer setup is who knows hit a hole. It's a foreign computer I don't normally use that computer so
Capstone Coach 1: How things are working on a computer, whether it code will work on that computer or not is always well maybe it will, and maybe it won't
Capstone Coach 1: Last night I was lucky because I was doing some new things and that I hadn't had time to really test out on that computer
Capstone Coach 1: Unfortunately, nothing you know everything seemed to work fine. But there were several little gotchas in there that you know if the internet connection, for example, was not sufficient.
Capstone Coach 1: Those little
Capstone Coach 1: goodies that go out and grab information off the that would not work right.
Capstone Coach 1: So, so I'm looking at I'm looking at the campus now and
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe
Capstone Coach 1: So it's on the I'm looking at the left hand side and
Karen Fireman: It had it.
Capstone Coach 1: Zoom information is that up.
Karen Fireman: With. See, I think, I think that might have been it. I think that might be
Capstone Coach 1: Looking under I clicked on zoom information.
Capstone Coach 1: And there's a link for the class.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, it was in the
Karen Fireman: Sea for a second here. One second.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, zoom for students. There's a zoom for student
Karen Fireman: No, that's No that's not it, that's the
Satyam Gupta: Q AMP a session is called this
Karen Fireman: Q AMP. A it's the Q AMP a session that port.
Capstone Coach 1: Au okay and that's
Karen Fireman: That's this
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, there it is. I see video recording
Capstone Coach 1: But it's so it's under the recording. You know, it's not there.
Karen Fireman: No, the in the second box there. It's an extra last one, q AMP. A sessions. It's got your zoom right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Well,
Karen Fireman: I think it's just really close to seven o'clock people haven't. I don't know about you, but for me, and time really creeped up on me. I was like, oh my god, two minutes.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: So how do you feel about seven o'clock and said, I'd say six o'clock. I don't have a preference, but I was thinking, some people work or of course, nowadays with the with the virus thing. People are going to drive into work right. So maybe that is not everyone's driving to work.
Capstone Coach 1: Some people are
Capstone Coach 1: So it's seven o'clock okay for everyone or should we think about changing this next week.
Jim Clark: I'm okay. The way I'm actually taking a another class I line has that had class, but it's only for the next two weeks. So, you know, I'll work with whatever the students have I'm just
Capstone Coach 1: You know,
Jim Clark: My List of the conversation. I don't have a specific question asked
Capstone Coach 1: Right, I will similarly for having too many questions, but I thought what we would do is go over that little homework assignment. Sure. Anybody else have any comments about the starting time
Amanda Pham: When I was starting time now.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, yeah.
Satyam Gupta: Seven is fine. I mean, if you want to push back. Bring it in. We want to make it earlier. I think six Toby's the better but six, I would not be
Capstone Coach 1: Okay well unless there's no big objections will stay with the seven o'clock.
Capstone Coach 1: Mayra wants to talk to me tomorrow, so I don't know what's gonna come out of that conversation.
Amanda Pham: Are you in trouble. Dr. Jones.
Capstone Coach 1: I could be, you know, I don't know. No, I didn't. Nowadays I don't know what's going on.
Amanda Pham: You sound like a troublemaker.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, let's yeah and
Jim Clark: Maybe, maybe you're gonna get a race.
Capstone Coach 1: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: I think, I think the university is doing good. This really good considering everything they got to deal with.
Capstone Coach 1: Although things are strange and others. I got I got requests to take classes from university that I don't work at
Capstone Coach 1: Things like that. It's a little odd.
Capstone Coach 1: But at any rate, I'm glad to this vaccine coming out. The only. That's the good news. The bad news is, nobody seems to be getting it except a few people who just happened to run into somebody with a needle in Sydney as anybody gotten the vaccine in this group.
Shadi Kilani: I did, I got the first dose.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah.
Shadi Kilani: That was two weeks ago. A week ago.
Capstone Coach 1: We yeah
Capstone Coach 1: She managed to get it.
Shadi Kilani: Connections.
Capstone Coach 1: That's that's
Capstone Coach 1: That's exactly what I'm
Capstone Coach 1: Saying
Jim Clark: Is dark, dark
Shadi Kilani: Night. I know I it was like amended by my primary care physician and I'm with a little group.
Shadi Kilani: Yeah, so then really, it's a well oiled machine and you know
Capstone Coach 1: My sister. This is a story that I'm giving you know
Capstone Coach 1: This is a story that I'm getting is people from people is that they just have
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: Well, I'm, you know, I'll say, I'm on the one v list. And so I've got two different lottery systems that are supposed to let me know when when I can make an appointment. So I said, Okay.
Shadi Kilani: I'll share this for the benefit. Number one, I didn't have any major of side effects. The only thing I had was sore shoulder for four days and I got really tired and sleepy. On the first day. Like, I went to bed at like seven
Shadi Kilani: And woke up at like eight or something in the morning seven or eight and then the second day, it was still shoulder sore, but
Shadi Kilani: Everything else was fine. I wasn't and then by the third day, it's like I didn't do anything. And it was it was it was a positive experience. I know a lot of people are concerned about the side effects and
Shadi Kilani: They observed me for like 15 minutes it's in the thing for allergic reaction and
Capstone Coach 1: My wife got the she's got the vaccine last October.
Jim Clark: Oh, good. Okay, good.
Capstone Coach 1: Oui oui oui volunteered for the Pfizer trial and the more gunner during a trial.
Capstone Coach 1: You know, you can go online, you volunteer for us. So we went down and volunteer for it and they loved her man 6065 or 65 and Hispanic. Oh my god, they couldn't wait to give her a shot.
Capstone Coach 1: But in my case they deliberated about a month and decided no we're not going to give it to your and you're really in too high of a risk group.
Capstone Coach 1: So, but the good news is, my wife had it. So she's got antibodies and she's my major exposure. Anyway, so that was the death is make sure that she's
Capstone Coach 1: A carrier because she goes to the gym every day at least once a day.
Capstone Coach 1: And then she goes shopping and all kinds of things. And she hates to wear the mask so she in Mexico. We were in Mexico over the holidays.
Capstone Coach 1: And they're pretty strict down there about the mass, they actually have security at the gate or the door of every store that will stop people if you don't have a mask on. So she
Capstone Coach 1: She tries to walk into the grocery store with a face shield, which is her favorite thing if they feel that way. She doesn't put on a mask. Like I wouldn't let her in.
Capstone Coach 1: And I I shook my finger editor. And as I told you so wear the mask so but she went down the street and bought a mask, but it was a kid's mask would have like a ninja turtle on it or something is really funny. I told her it looks better.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, anyway, so we went to Mexico for a little over two weeks and the routine down there with the virus is a little different, but it seems like they're doing better. I could be the weather. I don't know.
Capstone Coach 1: It could also maybe be that they just have a general resistance stuff that we don't have, I don't know, but
Capstone Coach 1: I was really surprised we didn't catch anything good.
Capstone Coach 1: Good good good experience actually had a good time.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, well let's go ahead and get started as five after seven. I think it's just the PROBABLY THE ATTENDANCE TONIGHT. And with the session is being recorded and so it will go online, probably later tonight.
Capstone Coach 1: If are there as well, you know, typical questions about the course or about the assignment or anything like that that we want to talk about before we get to the homework assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: I guess I don't, other than it
Jim Clark: Just, I guess I'm going to need to start scheduling more time to to absorb tonight's lecture before had any intelligent questions mean I've worked on some but not not after but not that you're really hitting walls just
Capstone Coach 1: Know it's really unfair thing because we just had the class last night and I don't know about you, but I was
Capstone Coach 1: Well, I was up late last night to drive back. And so I slept in this morning.
Capstone Coach 1: Evan have a long time so I don't expect a lot of good, but I was thinking maybe there was something about the syllabus or grading or anything like that, that people won't want to talk about
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, well, let's get, let's get on with the we're talking about the homework. What I really wanted to talk about tonight was the
Capstone Coach 1: The homework, especially the assignment that the first part of their like three or four things on for their on their and the very last item is there. I mean I wouldn't hoping the one thing that you're supposed to turn in is a
Capstone Coach 1: Some code to do it develop a gooey and really all you need to do is to morph
Capstone Coach 1: Two things. Well, there's two things. One is, you're asked to generate a gooey. When you click on the go and you put in the
Capstone Coach 1: You put in a symbol for a stock like IBM and then you click on the GUI, and then it comes back and tells you what the price of the stock is right now.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I went through today. I took some extra time and went through and looked at the website. And let me show you. I'm going to, I'm going to grab your screen here are just going to shut me down and share my screen with you.
Capstone Coach 1: Share screen.
Capstone Coach 1: And yeah, I think it's number one.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: Yeah, now it's coming up now.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, if you could see that, I suppose. Yeah, no problem. Alright, so first of all let me
Capstone Coach 1: Move this over. This is the campus right
Capstone Coach 1: So on the campus. If we go into our week one folder.
Capstone Coach 1: That good
Capstone Coach 1: Well, there it is. Okay, week one.
Capstone Coach 1: And I'm going to try to organize things the way we did last summer. And so we'll have a separate folder for every week. And inside that folder.
Capstone Coach 1: You'll have the material we using then the lecture, period. You'll also have the assignment and then the upload for the assignment. And so it's the same kind of drill where
Capstone Coach 1: Basically you, you know, you look at the assignment and it tells you in here, what you shouldn't be uploading this number five.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I'm expecting a really small upload because this is the start. I mean, the code for this is very small.
Capstone Coach 1: And so you'll have like maybe one page of code Python code and then the next page will be a screenshot of the of the app on your show it running on your computer when it first starts up
Capstone Coach 1: And then a second screenshot shot showing what the app looks like when you actually run it using IBM or
Capstone Coach 1: Some other stock. In fact, I should probably give you this some stocks to look at and IBM, of course, is the one that uses the demo for the API key. So that's in here, but you could run it using another stock as well.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know if any of you've had a chance to to get the your personal API code.
Capstone Coach 1: It's not necessary. You can use my code. But if you want to do some things on your own. You might want to actually take this homework.
Capstone Coach 1: And morph it into a semester project. I think you could do that. I was thinking about that tonight about some things that you could do as a semester project.
Capstone Coach 1: Using this approach. You could, for example, you could create a gooey that will actually plot the stock price over a period of time, right.
Capstone Coach 1: And that would be that would be acceptable as a semester project and maybe you would be looking at some particular stock or stocks and your presentation would be how you did that, and then
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe a discussion of what you see the what's you see happening in the stock market and things like that. So, and then there are other types of things that you can do. Let me pull over to a another web page.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, this is the web page for alpha vantage. These are the folks that are giving us the stock prices and the exchange rates for stock and things like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And their URL. I think we get at this in class is alpha Vantage one word alpha Vantage dot CEO, not the city not Colm, by the way. I think that's kind of interesting. They seem to be Rob running out of Boston, but dot CEO is unusual.
Capstone Coach 1: Domain for this sort of thing, usually be a.com or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: At any rate, they seem to be nice for people, they, they have been communicating with me on email and they're the ones that said, Oh, well, we took you because you're ready, education, and am there's something about a nama like
Capstone Coach 1: That anyway. They said, well, we'll make that that you let your students use it. And by the way, it's going to have an unlimited use tags to it till the end of this year, and normally they, you know, they actually sell you in order to use get an API.
Capstone Coach 1: Key that has unlimited use, you have to pay money.
Capstone Coach 1: Because there are people that are taking advantage of this and they are, what they're doing is they're creating apps and websites where you can go and get information. And that's when information right
Capstone Coach 1: So that's, that's something that people sell. And so I was a little surprised that they will give it to us for free actually unlimited. That's pretty cool. But be careful about your distribution. Don't show your code or send anything to anybody outside of class.
Capstone Coach 1: Because I mean people commercially or otherwise could could get that key and take advantage of the system pieces situation.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let's take a look at the documentation that's the for us. That's the
Capstone Coach 1: Place that we want to start. So let's go to the documentation here and I really like the way they've organized. They've organized things according to
Capstone Coach 1: The type of data that you would be getting. So at the top is stock time series. And so you can kind of guess what this is. This is a set price information for individual stocks over periods of time and you have options here to go week daily a weekly, monthly
Capstone Coach 1: And Justin and non adjust and they have no new they have actual data that you can get if you're interested in doing research and a longer period of time.
Capstone Coach 1: Number two, they have fundamental data, which is the information about companies these companies, I think, are may or may not be listed on the stock exchange. But what you have here is the income statements.
Capstone Coach 1: Balance sheets cash flow and so forth and so on earnings calendar IPO calendar and things like that.
Capstone Coach 1: That's kind of it useful investment information the IPO calendar. For example, a lot of people
Capstone Coach 1: Specialize in purchasing IPOs. Now that's the initial purchase offer and these are companies that are just becoming listed on the stock exchange and they they purchased them with the expectation that they're going to go up.
Capstone Coach 1: So that it's a good company that's coming on the exchange. They think that maybe the off the initial price is below what it will ultimately settle at after about 30 days or so.
Capstone Coach 1: So this is one way to people look at us an opportunity to make a lot of money, of course, like anything on the stock market. You could also lose a lot of money.
Capstone Coach 1: Some companies after they are IPO their stock price goes down in value and then we have FX for for currency exchange.
Capstone Coach 1: And this is what I was using to get the current exchange rate for the Japanese yen and pesos and things like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And we pretty much went over this set, you click on this guy right here. And I think this is the one that shows you what's happening with the end right now.
Capstone Coach 1: And so the end of what the end you can get the information using the API key of demo. You don't need to have a key.
Capstone Coach 1: So it looks it shows you the relationship between the US dollar. In the end, which is about one penny one yen is one penny right now. And this is as of right now. Actually, no, it's it's January.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, January 21 I mean later well. Oh, I see. This is probably maybe this is the time in Japan.
Capstone Coach 1: Certainly not the time here.
Clay Coleman: At UTC time
Capstone Coach 1: UTC time. Okay, so it's it's tomorrow already UTC, I guess. Yeah. Okay. And the bid price and the asking price right sell and buy
Capstone Coach 1: So you have the exchange rates here. I think that's kind of cool.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see. Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Going back here to the information that you have. Now if you're interested in crypto currencies. A lot of people trade in crypto currencies, or they
Capstone Coach 1: They buy them with expectation and they're going up right bitcoins right now they they're there. If you look at the history for bitcoins lately, it's living really outrageous.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know how many 10s of thousands of dollars each coin is worth now but at one time they were they were, but he was saying on $6,000 are going. That's crazy. But now it's like way above
Capstone Coach 1: People make money with that. And this is really cool. I think a lot of people will tell you this very
Capstone Coach 1: risky because of the, the number will come down quickly and it has come down a little bit, at times, but it always comes back and comes back strong
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know. And then there are technical indicators. These are market indicators and this these are ever. This is information that's used to
Capstone Coach 1: indicate whether you want to buy or sell an individual stock and that's kind of interesting information. For example, here the first one you have, is it says high usage is the simple moving average for our stock price. So if we click on IBM. You can see what's happening.
Capstone Coach 1: There we go. So you can see the simple moving average for IBM as of today was $124 the actual closing price on IBM today was 130. So the simple moving average is not going to be equal to the actual current, you know,
Capstone Coach 1: sales price. It's going to be equal to what the average would predict for current sales price. So what this is saying, suggesting is that $130 is is higher than what's expected it. If you look at the simple moving average.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you can look at the exponentially weighted and moving average, which will be the next one in line. And in the case of IBM. Let's see what it says.
Capstone Coach 1: Same
Capstone Coach 1: So IBM as a little boring.
Capstone Coach 1: Very close to the same anyway and then you have a bunch of other indicators hand.
Capstone Coach 1: What is this. Hi.
Capstone Coach 1: This is the moving average divergence values. And so let's see what it says for IBM down here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so today. It says that the moving average to divergence is high 1.6 so that's basically saying that the current price is higher than what the moving average with suggested, so we were talking about earlier.
Capstone Coach 1: Don't know exactly how this is being calculated, but it's something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And so forth and so on. So, these, these are indicators, I think are very interesting from an investment viewpoint, they got a bunch of them.
Capstone Coach 1: And I think if you were an investor might be fun to play with those and look at them. The ones, though, that we really should be looking at are up here where it says
Capstone Coach 1: Stock time serious now, last night I think I took the intraday
Capstone Coach 1: Values right here. And I think we were talking about that. So I'm going to click on that here for a moment. And this is a time series. Right. So it's showing you the the open the high the low and the clothes for IBM. So it shows it says right here. IBM closed at 129
Capstone Coach 1: And 25 cents on January the 19th that's yesterday.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's
Capstone Coach 1: It is looking at it on a five minute interval every five minutes. It's capturing that information.
Capstone Coach 1: So you could take this series. This is the series for January the 19th. Let's see. I think it's one day at a time. Yeah. So this, this is the series for January the 19th. I'm assuming there's other ways to get it for earlier time periods, but
Capstone Coach 1: If you're a day trader day trader, they will buy in the morning and sell in the afternoon or vice versa. And so they're looking at small changes.
Capstone Coach 1: In this pattern of this five minute pattern. And then they are wrapped into that. So if they see somebody jumping in to buy a lot of stock.
Capstone Coach 1: You can look at the volume here, the volume to 10 to 55 if that never would have jump up real quick, then the price is going to go up saying that basically there's an increase in demand and
Capstone Coach 1: Somebody wants IBM stock for some reason. Oh, here's, here's some people doing well here's, here's the volume of 1310
Capstone Coach 1: And you see how the price goes up in the next five minutes.
Capstone Coach 1: Not a lot, but you know a little bit
Capstone Coach 1: Of course it could go down, but here's another another big boy or 8628
Capstone Coach 1: And oh, wow. Here's somebody to buy him a four or 54791 and price didn't change much. So I don't know no one's going on there.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me show you. I looked at this a little more closely and I decided for our purposes, probably the best one to look at is this one at the bottom, it says quote endpoint. So if you click on quote endpoint.
Capstone Coach 1: You can see that this is for a single stock like IBM or something like that. And what it does is it gives you the ending the closing values for the stock. And so if I click here on on IBM. That's what it gives you. And for us, you can see this is a basically for January the 20th today.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I'm assuming this comes out after the market closes and what you're going to get then is you're going to get
Capstone Coach 1: The closing price.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, the price here, the price which is number five is actually the closing price for IBM
Capstone Coach 1: Today,
Capstone Coach 1: And then this is the total volume of the stock for today.
Capstone Coach 1: And this is showing you, then the closing price for yesterday. So you have some information about did the stock go up in value and then the percent change right here 1.06 so as a percentage that changes a, an increase a stock price increase of
Capstone Coach 1: A 10TH OF 1% small increase of all right.
Karen Fireman: So James stupid question.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, well it's Karen when I had tried to get that he needed. I couldn't figure out where it went. And then when I tried it again.
Capstone Coach 1: Hold it said wait a sec. Just a second.
Capstone Coach 1: This is Karen.
Karen Fireman: KAREN Yeah. Can you hear me.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I'm your volume is having a little bit trouble.
Capstone Coach 1: It's okay, just talk a little slower.
Karen Fireman: I'm sorry.
Capstone Coach 1: No, you're good.
Karen Fireman: I was just wondering when I tried to get the alpha advantage key. I, I thought I did. It is very simple steps. I think I got distracted in the class or something and then you're
Capstone Coach 1: Talking about here.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, they are the class started. Anyway, I never saw the key. I went in again. And they said, Oh, we already sent it to you, but I never found it. Where does it go
Capstone Coach 1: Well,
Capstone Coach 1: I ran into the same problem. Okay, so you click here where it says give me a key please give me a key.
Capstone Coach 1: And you you provide your information. So, in your case, you would probably be
Capstone Coach 1: Student or something like that and you give the you know the information for the university Texas a&m and your email, right.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, right.
Capstone Coach 1: And you click on it. Guess where the key is on the page. They don't email it to you, cynical. It just shows up in this page.
Karen Fireman: Oh problematic because
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, well, so it says
Capstone Coach 1: I have gotten my key already. Well, anyway, there's some FAQs down here. But yeah, I had the same person I clicked off the page setup page after I clicked on getting it to me. Give me one, you know,
Capstone Coach 1: I shut down the page and realized oh
Capstone Coach 1: The keys in that page so
Capstone Coach 1: Great at their little there's a little sentence that shot it shows up. I think underneath there, actually. And we couldn't be below your screen, you know, you have to scroll think it shows up somewhere in this area and it says, you know, your key is so and so and it gives you a string. Now,
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So what can you do, you can write support and ask them to send you the key because using the same email.
Karen Fireman: I did. I haven't gotten anything back
Capstone Coach 1: They haven't send it back.
Karen Fireman: They have a such a reply, nothing. I haven't seen anything back
Capstone Coach 1: When did you send the email.
Karen Fireman: Little earlier today.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: Will you listed as a student.
Karen Fireman: Yeah yeah I did all the right things. I just
Capstone Coach 1: Did a
Karen Fireman: Or was like distracted in the class.
Karen Fireman: And right
Capstone Coach 1: Did I give them a little bit more time and then if they don't send them another email and you. In the meantime, you can feel free to use my key.
Karen Fireman: Okay. Which of the. Okay, thanks. It's in one of the
Capstone Coach 1: Things is they didn't like to use. I'll show you in just a minute.
Karen Fireman: Okay, thank you. Sorry about that. Tell me where it goes. I can appreciate it.
Capstone Coach 1: Sorry. Good.
So,
Capstone Coach 1: Going back to the documentation so that I think the the statistics that you want to use for your UI is under quote endpoint. And let me click that again.
Capstone Coach 1: Right here. Yeah. So when you go there you have to give them a symbol like IBM and it's going to give you, then all the statistical information and you're doing should report the price. Number five, basically.
Capstone Coach 1: And you could also report the volume. I think that would be cool if you added that information in there.
Capstone Coach 1: And maybe even the percent change. You know, you could add some other information and you're going, but also, although there's expected really, in this case, this is the price right here. Okay, so let's go then to spider.
Capstone Coach 1: And what I'm doing is I'm looking at example three
Capstone Coach 1: Example three, where can you find that, well, if you go to E campus. And if you look at the week one folder I organized things so that it says GUI examples.
Capstone Coach 1: So every all of those codes are now organized in a little folder called GUI examples under week one.
Capstone Coach 1: And if you click on that you'll get the examples. And the last one is exercise. Example three. So this is the one that I'm working off of. And what we're going to do is more, this guy so that it pulls out the IBM stock prices.
Capstone Coach 1: Going to try to do that. I haven't done really done this yet, so we can you going to watch me make a lot of mistakes, probably you maybe you can help me.
Capstone Coach 1: So what I'd like you to do is if you could go ahead. You know, if you have the time right now and you can, you know, go ahead and open up spider and open up example three. This guy right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, and you know, put it in the place where you want to work, you know, put this example three code in the folder where you want to populate you want to populate with your examples and things like that. Professor
Wilson Pineda: With some here, is it the same example tree from yesterday or a son of the reversion
Capstone Coach 1: Know, this should be the same from
Wilson Pineda: Yesterday. Thank you.
Yeah yeah
Capstone Coach 1: I'm going to now you might want to
Capstone Coach 1: Double check me on that this the last line in this code is 110
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I don't recall making any changes to this.
Capstone Coach 1: But
Capstone Coach 1: I have 109 109 so maybe there's a multi
Karen Fireman: Line 109
Capstone Coach 1: That
Jim Clark: Dr. Johnson. Nice to be critical last night he were showing an example of exercise for
Capstone Coach 1: Yes.
Capstone Coach 1: And I deleted that.
Jim Clark: Okay, so
Capstone Coach 1: Let me explain. Since you guys are so observant.
Capstone Coach 1: Exercise for is it is basically example three unclean.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, so what I did was I actually, what I did was I took example for and then I cleaned it up admitted example three and by cleaning up. I mean, I added comments.
Capstone Coach 1: In the code and then you can see my API. You know, you should have the API key my API have actually two API keys and the one that's for the students is this one. It has an L at the end.
Capstone Coach 1: Si k. And then there's an L. At the end I believe that's the one they said use this one with your students so
Capstone Coach 1: Now that I right now. I have it commented like that in that part of the code that's example that's line.
Capstone Coach 1: And in my code.
Jim Clark: That's what I have
Capstone Coach 1: And but then down here you see there's an API key set to demo. See that
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, sir. This is really where the API key should be now demo, which is what we have here works.
Capstone Coach 1: As long as you're working with the end, you know, Japanese. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go up the line 52
Capstone Coach 1: And I'm going to take that and I'm going to copy it.
Capstone Coach 1: One.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that and delete it.
Capstone Coach 1: And then move it down here where it says demo.
Capstone Coach 1: API key demo, I'm going to put that key right in here instead. Well, what you can do is just put it
Capstone Coach 1: Put it on the line below, like that. And instead of making you know make it on comments like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: So that is the API key that they're allowing us to use under the London. They tell me unlimited and everyone all the class can use it. So that's pretty cool.
Capstone Coach 1: Now I'm going to double check to make sure that it's working right. So I'm going to make run this code, and it should run fine.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: It. I'm going to read it does, but I'm going to run it restart the Colonel.
Capstone Coach 1: Restart the curlin run it again because I think I was testing it earlier and
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, there we go. And now I'm going to run it and
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm going to put in 100 yen up here in the gooey, which is probably hard to see. And I don't know if I can make that. Let me see if I can make it.
Capstone Coach 1: Doesn't work convert hit the hit convert
Capstone Coach 1: And yeah point nine seven. It's working. So it accepted that key. I would just check double checking to make sure this is the right unlimited key and it's showing this is correct. So your unlimited key should start with a C and and with an L.
Capstone Coach 1: Kind of a long, silky there.
Capstone Coach 1: The demo key will work and only work for the US to yen.
Capstone Coach 1: Conversion
Capstone Coach 1: If we try some other
Capstone Coach 1: Currency and I'm going to change you JP y to x MX n Mexican peso
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: I'm going to swear is that
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I'm going to stop.
Jim Clark: Some blind move one of six. Now I want to buy
Capstone Coach 1: 105 yeah
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm going to run this and it should
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: It works.
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm gonna put in pesos. I'm going to put in 20 pesos.
Jim Clark: The title of it is that right
Capstone Coach 1: And 20 basis is worth $1 and two cents and the exchange rate right now and you can see it written out over here on the right hand side.
Capstone Coach 1: The exchange rate is 19.5635 something like that so
Capstone Coach 1: The peso keeps getting stronger versus the versus the dollar.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Jim Clark: That's it.
Capstone Coach 1: That's what I was expecting. Because the price of oil is stable and actually going up for now.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Jim Clark: In the window, you want to eat good he would get yen in the input term which is it's mathematically right but i mean
Capstone Coach 1: Right, it's
Capstone Coach 1: gonna change we're gonna we're gonna do now, if you will follow you if you're going to work with me. Here's
Capstone Coach 1: We're gonna, we're gonna take this example three and we're going to copy it over into a new example. And that's going to be stock price dot t y. So to do that you get inside of example three where we are right now. And then you come up here.
Capstone Coach 1: Where it says, Python, and it says file and you want to go to save copy as
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm going to click on Save copy as
Capstone Coach 1: And then I instead of saving it as a example three. I'm going to change that name to stock price.
Capstone Coach 1: Stock Price dot p why
Capstone Coach 1: And it's going into a little folder that I set up for for TK TK center, you know. The Goonies and
Capstone Coach 1: I wonder if I can make this little thing bigger for you.
Capstone Coach 1: Know,
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, that seems to be a
Capstone Coach 1: I hope you could see that it's
Jim Clark: A fantasy world wrote
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, anyway, so you can call it whatever you want. Put safe.
Capstone Coach 1: Now that new file is going to show up on the far right hand side of whatever files you have open. So I'm going to move it next to
Capstone Coach 1: Drag it over next to example three
Capstone Coach 1: So that if I want to go back to example three because I messed something up. I can do that.
Capstone Coach 1: Right. Okay. Let's see what we got here. So first of all, we're going to work with.
Capstone Coach 1: IBM stock prices. So we know what that is. And so the first thing I'm going to look for is by the way your cursor equal to hand if you're on Windows, you want to make that hand to this is line 36
Capstone Coach 1: Hand works great on the Mac, but not on Windows. So I want to change that to hand to
Capstone Coach 1: For those who can I think you're working on the Windows thing. Now, the title of this it says is currency exchange. No, that's not what we're going to do. So we're going to change the currency exchange title to stock price.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then
Capstone Coach 1: It says yen down here and approximately line 39
Capstone Coach 1: Change in to
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol yes why am Bo L. Now that's a common, common acronym for stock symbol in this case. And so stock symbols are normally three letters, they can be more larger but IBM, for example, is one stock symbol symbol AAPL for Ethel I believe
Capstone Coach 1: And we're done. Now,
Capstone Coach 1: What is the API.
Jim Clark: Is a ppl ID.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't
Capstone Coach 1: Have to look it up. OK.
Capstone Coach 1: So the, the root title here is
Capstone Coach 1: We were want to change that rate. Right now it says yen $2 so we're going to change that. I just make that stock price.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And now we have a bunch of stuff here about from currency, right, because we're converting from one currency to another. And so we had to send it in, into our gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: These things that you see at the top online number of if you look at that. This is the input to the GUI that's coming from the request now self is always there GUI when is we can leave it like that. Or you could change that if you want. That's the name of the gooey window.
Capstone Coach 1: The canvas, and then you have frumps currency to currency and an API key. Now we want to change the from currency into currency to something different and
Capstone Coach 1: So we're going to
Capstone Coach 1: Well, actually, they're going to give us the symbols. So they don't have to give us any information when they call the gooey, they, they, the gooey was going to read the symbol right
Capstone Coach 1: So we can just eliminate the the from and the to currency just could cover it up like that and erase it, you don't need that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then everywhere in the code that you see those things being used. Like here we have from currency equal to from currency. Right. We want to get rid of those any, any place in the code where you see from or to currency. You want to get rid of that. So,
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see. Where else that was that was that's his line approximately 15
Capstone Coach 1: And there was a couple lines underneath there. And then let's see, do we have the from the two is going to be here somewhere.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh,
Capstone Coach 1: I think that's. Oh, here it is.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah problem to currency or are we don't need to use those we took those out there just two lines up here at the top.
Capstone Coach 1: Then you have a function called convert which we can just leave it alone. We don't. And then we have one called real time currency exchange and we're going to change the name of this from real time currency exchange rate to something
Capstone Coach 1: Real time
Capstone Coach 1: No stock.
Capstone Coach 1: Underscore, this is my you can call it, EVERYONE, CLOSE. So we're going to basically give out statistical information on the closing all that stock for the end of the day, that would be the price, the volume, whatever, whatever you want to do there, but it's the closing information.
Capstone Coach 1: And so then we have I base URL. Right now it says currency exchange rate, we need to change that. So if we go to the website.
Capstone Coach 1: Where we have that information we were looking at. And let me go here.
Capstone Coach 1: So we're going to go to the to the documentation documentation and click on quote endpoint.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, let me see if I can raise this. Yeah, I can do this. This is great, make this larger for you.
Capstone Coach 1: You can see what's going on. So yeah, when you go to stock time series and then go to quote endpoint like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then this on the right hand side is the the the documentation for stock endpoint. So there are some parameters that were required
Capstone Coach 1: There. They're called API parameters.
Capstone Coach 1: So you know the the program information that
Capstone Coach 1: The application program information that's being sent over. This is a list of the variables that you need to send to code endpoint.
Capstone Coach 1: And two of them are required. One is the function that you want to look at
Capstone Coach 1: And then the simple, simple, those are two required things and then you have optional information. And by default, it gives you a JSON file.
Capstone Coach 1: But you could also ask for a CSV file. We're going to take the default. So we're not going to change the data type, just leave it as Jason and then another required thing the API key. Yeah, of course. And the symbol will be, for example, IBM
Capstone Coach 1: And the function is is a different animal.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if we move down there is an example here showing how to get this information using your browser.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can see what they were expecting. But what this does is it shows you what they expect to see in your browser, right.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: In this case we want to change that base URL to quote global underscore quote. So if I go back to the code, what we're talking about right here it says currency exchange rate. Let me see if I can make this larger yeah I can do that.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah. Is that, is that okay can you see that on your screen.
Capstone Coach 1: The code. I hope so.
Jim Clark: Yes, sir. It's good.
Capstone Coach 1: So the 68 law approximately 168 is the function we're working on and I changed the name of the function from real time currency exchange to stock close now there's a there is a description says function to get real time currency exchange, I would say to get stock close
Capstone Coach 1: Close information.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, on that.
Capstone Coach 1: Little quote from your comment.
Capstone Coach 1: So the base URL is currently said says currency exchange rate, we want to change currency exchange rate to
Capstone Coach 1: To cap boxes on global
Capstone Coach 1: Underscore
Capstone Coach 1: And what was the other thing we spoke
Jim Clark: qu O. T.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay. Shoot, quote, quote,
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then there is a second line which is the the information that you're passing into the
Capstone Coach 1: The API.
Capstone Coach 1: Notice it says base URL. Plus, and then it gets a bunch of information. The information is all plus, plus, plus, what we're doing here is creating a string and we want that screw a string to look like.
Jim Clark: At the print out
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, like the printed out exactly
Jim Clark: So you're just basically a strange though we want some bold equal to something and API equal to something right
Capstone Coach 1: So we want to we want to reproduce this sort of business right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Alright, so that the two required things are symbol and the API and
Capstone Coach 1: So that was
Capstone Coach 1: Up here.
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol
Capstone Coach 1: And API, the sub the function, by the way, is global, quote, global quote
Capstone Coach 1: So that's what we just did on the base URLs. Put that global quote. Now we want to put in symbol and API like that. So it's pretty, pretty easy. In this case, so let's go back to
Karen Fireman: Sir, one question. It's Karen.
Karen Fireman: Yeah, but that's like it might afford and wire the IBM name in there. I thought we were trying to ask that as a choice.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, we are we are
Capstone Coach 1: We will
Capstone Coach 1: So where it was. So let's go back to the because of the code will see what's going on here. So, in previous code, we have the from currency and then to currency and this information was coming off the
Capstone Coach 1: The
Capstone Coach 1: Gooey I think
Capstone Coach 1: Well,
Capstone Coach 1: So here where it says, and the front from currency. We're now let's make that symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: Loops.
Capstone Coach 1: And then instead of self thought from currency. Let's make itself dot simple. Now we haven't captured. Yeah, but it's, we're going to do that, we have just a second and then erase the line underneath it.
Capstone Coach 1: And we have an API key equal to self bought API key like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So this is actually an easier example.
Capstone Coach 1: So far,
Capstone Coach 1: And and then this this next line requests since that URL to their to their website requesting of the JSON file and then we take the JSON file.
Capstone Coach 1: That comes back as an object oriented. I'll be j and parse it, and then we we get the right here. It's saying the exchange rate. Well, no, no, no, no, we don't face right now.
Capstone Coach 1: So we're going to change the exchange rate to
Capstone Coach 1: Close price.
Capstone Coach 1: closing price. And then we have to change this information right here. Here it says real time currency exchange rate and then you can see there's a second
Capstone Coach 1: Key five point exchange rate. I think this is supposed to be 5.4. Let's go back. Let me go back to the documentation right here and let's click on this to see what's coming back. This is the Jason file.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think we want in that first part of the key is global, quote, if you see this Jason file is it looks like a dictionary. It looks like a Python dictionary. Notice these little quote marks.
Capstone Coach 1: So this is a this is a dictionary within a dictionary, the outer quote marks the all there's only one key global quote
Capstone Coach 1: And then the enter the inside quotes. You see, here, and here I have several keys that I can access. One of the 05 period price. So we want global quotes
Capstone Coach 1: 05 period space price and this should then return this number as a string, by the way, notice that this is all free and treated as strings in this JSON file.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's go back to the, quote, then we'll, we'll do. We'll go back here. So where it says real time currency exchange rate. Let's make that global
Capstone Coach 1: Space quote
Capstone Coach 1: It is case sensitive, so we get on that. Now, this should be zero, it looked like it was using 05 and price.
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm thinking, this should work. But who knows. We'll try. We'll test it out and then we're going to return the clothes price.
Capstone Coach 1: As a floating point number
Capstone Coach 1: See that return the floating point number and also just for the heck of it, return the entire Jason file in case there's something else in there that we want to grab later on.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, well, actually I use. I use that information to print out information over here on the right hand side, it's just a extra thing. So I think we got this, we got this function set up the way we wanted it conforms to the requirements for the website that we're accessing
Capstone Coach 1: Now, just as a side note, total side note, I have. I've also written programs like this to access Twitter social media and all that.
Capstone Coach 1: It's the same thing, by the way, you go to Twitter and you register as a developer and get an API key.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you go through and look at the documentation their online documentation for the Twitter API. And that documentation will show you in Python.
Capstone Coach 1: How to access Twitter feeds and how to send out a tweet using Python, if you want to. And that's true with Twitter with Facebook and all the other guys that, you know, social media people
Capstone Coach 1: And at one time, you could get into that information. It was pretty deep like they'd give you the phone number of people and things like that, but now they've shut that some of that down.
Capstone Coach 1: Limiting things. So this is your stock close and let's go back up to the gooey right in here.
Capstone Coach 1: Because there are a couple of things that that I want. I need to do. One of them is, it says right here, convert this is the button right now it's labeled as convert let's change that to price.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: So we know what that button is supposed to do. And notice that the command says self thought convert. Well, it's no longer convert know we're calling another the function and that function is
Capstone Coach 1: Stuck close
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: Score close. I made a mistake when I created that function I put in a capital S. So I'm going to make that a little ass.
Capstone Coach 1: And a little see for clothes.
Capstone Coach 1: So case sensitive. So, the function is stock close so the underscore between all lowercase and then up here on the button.
Capstone Coach 1: We have
Capstone Coach 1: The function name right in here, stock close. So when you click this button. What it does is it executes that function. Now that function.
Capstone Coach 1: Notice the only thing that's being passed is self.
Capstone Coach 1: What this says is that this stuck function here has access to all of the variables that are in the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: And so everywhere that it says like stock API key that function has access to the key. If it needs it. Well, it does need it. It does use the key right
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: How's it getting that key. Well, right here. When we say self API key equaled API key we are creating a variable inside the gooey and now any function we call inside this class.
Capstone Coach 1: And who we pass over the self is going to have access to that key and all other information that as self in front of it.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, now we need to get the symbol right
Capstone Coach 1: Well, the symbol is coming from the previously, it's coming from here FX from that's the exchange rate from bits getting the yen that JP JP y or or MSN string. Instead, we're going to, we're going to get the symbol stock symbol. So it says ethics from let's just change that to symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: Like
Capstone Coach 1: And FX from entry which make that just symbol entry.
Capstone Coach 1: And now this is
Capstone Coach 1: The text variable, the text variables. It says FX from make that symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: And then we're telling where to put the the entry. So let's make that symbol entry instead of ethics from entry.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that. Okay. Only just hesitate here for a minute. I know some of you are probably typing. I'm just gonna let you take a look at that set that up right
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And so basically we each everywhere. It says FX underscore from we made that symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol or symbol underscore
Capstone Coach 1: Entry
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let's take a look at the the button here. We already set up the button is going to going to trigger that question about the price and we have this is equal to
Capstone Coach 1: This is some text that's being printed. Let's see his clothes. Make that clothes price.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: Instead of dollars is fine. The actual prices in dollars us USD and so instead of dollars. Let's make this USD
Capstone Coach 1: US dollars.
Capstone Coach 1: Word dollars can be different thing, and Mexico. They use the term dollars to refer to pesos. And you'll be you'll be see like $2 million. So say what
Capstone Coach 1: Instead of to me and bases in the look for you're looking at an apartment or something like that and it'll department is a monthly rent will be like $20,000 is that what they mean is 20,000 pesos.
Karen Fireman: Sir, I have a question for you. Um, I think Wilson pointed out on 46 that we needed to change the effects from do we also change a 47
Karen Fireman: Or FC there.
Capstone Coach 1: I didn't
Karen Fireman: Convert stay there.
Capstone Coach 1: This one down here. Yeah, let's change that back to something
Capstone Coach 1: Simple
Karen Fireman: What about the next line that convert this that stare that
Capstone Coach 1: It says self convert. Yeah, we need to change convert to. Well now, hang on, hang on.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute.
Capstone Coach 1: We're not really using this function convert
Capstone Coach 1: And this function was see this a little bit different when you're doing the conversion, you have to get the, the current rate. And then you have to make a calculation. You can see the USD calculation right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's go ahead and just erase this function because I think it's going to confuse people.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I'm good your race that
Capstone Coach 1: Convert we know where to, you know, we can go to school back to example three and look at it if you need to.
Capstone Coach 1: Do something like that. But what that what will we doing an example three that we're not doing here is we're we're taking the information and then making another calculation based upon that information and so
Capstone Coach 1: We were calling convert and convert within was using the exchange rate.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let's let's go through and see what we have here before we crack
Karen Fireman: So we are in week one second, we still call that convert. So do we did we take that line. Now, where do you see
Capstone Coach 1: You. Oh, we definitely we're going to change that. But let's, let's see, first of all,
Jim Clark: Those the we've put. There's an API key that's that's in there and your code that didn't have
Jim Clark: The keys up. Can I just put that key up higher, so that it's always there.
Jim Clark: I guess I'm looking to see where the in your code where the, where your API key is
Capstone Coach 1: Right here online 16 okay
Capstone Coach 1: You see that
Jim Clark: Yes, I see that but
Karen Fireman: But here's the real key. Where's the number
Capstone Coach 1: That real case as you go to the bottom. We're right now we're working inside the gooey at the bottom right.
Karen Fireman: There is 85 or something. Yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Out the bottom. This is where you call the gooey. Right. So right now it says my gooey exchange good we got to change all this, this is wrong. It says exchange gooey, would we refer did we still call it change doing. Oh, it is. Yeah. Let's change this. Let's change this to stock gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: Gooey would call it stuck doing
Capstone Coach 1: And down here at the bottom where it says exchange going make the stock.
Capstone Coach 1: And remove from currency and to currency, the only thing you need to send in is the route canvas that set up here.
Capstone Coach 1: And the API key.
Capstone Coach 1: You can you can eliminate the from currency and to currency down here to it's not needed.
Karen Fireman: You remind us with the route actually does the TK call
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, just so as this should be stuck to you. Okay, um,
Capstone Coach 1: The this guy up here route.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Karen Fireman: Yes.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, this is creating the blank. This is grabbing a blank canvas from a package called TK
Capstone Coach 1: And where does that know this. This is one of the things that I found personally kind of confusing. If you look at the import up here. You don't see any capital TK right you're thinking, I'm thinking, okay, wait a minute, hold it, hold it rude is equal to capital TK what
Capstone Coach 1: From what is capital TK, is it looks like a function. Right. Well, it turns out it's a class. It's a huge package class and that class.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, a little bit of a history here. Okay. I like talking about this because its history. Right. So in the beginning, there was a package called TK capital T okay that package was in see
Capstone Coach 1: It was later converted to Java, and then later still brought into Python. Now, when they brought that see package into kind Python what they had to do was to envelop it putting it inside a Python package. So what did they do they pulled it may put it into a Python package called T kenter
Capstone Coach 1: So this guy right here where you see it says from decanter import everything that little asterisk means everything it's bringing in that TK see package.
Capstone Coach 1: And so right down here at the bottom, which is like what
Capstone Coach 1: This is saying, Oh, well, yeah, go into Tim Tim T kenter and and and grab a canvas from this see package.
Capstone Coach 1: To enter by the way understands that this is a see package and puts in the hooks to make this transfer, but basically you're instantiated or taking a new copy of a blank canvas and you're calling it route.
Capstone Coach 1: And you're going deep inside tick. Enter to get that copy
Capstone Coach 1: And then you can. There are things you can do with TK
Capstone Coach 1: And run them is you can assign a title to the campus. And this, you don't have to, but it's optional. You can put a title on the canvas and so that'll be a little top little information all this gooey his stock price, you know,
Capstone Coach 1: So when you called your UI your T kenter gooey. You have to pass in that TK canvas and that's right here route. Right.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's always required and then this website that we're working with requires the API key as well. And you can pass other information in here that you might need inside the GUI, and that's allowed as well. Right.
Capstone Coach 1: So okay, so that was a good. That's a fun question. Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Because that's something I was going to mentioned, but I didn't want to get too confusing and the class.
Karen Fireman: Right now, is one of the thing.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, go ahead.
Karen Fireman: I'm sorry, sir.
Karen Fireman: You had something called pack left and right.
Karen Fireman: It's not a function that we know about its comes up somewhere as like a method or something, something.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh yeah, he died inside of TK, you know that see package, there is a there is a method called pack and that method basically takes whatever widgets, you're working on, puts it on the canvas. Now in the in the other one of the examples, and I think it was example.
Capstone Coach 1: One day, or one be one day, I think if I this is one day I'm just don't bother looking at it at its don't bother bringing this up, but you'll see there's a pack command right here. See that
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, that back then is going inside of TK. It says, Put this button there or the label.
Capstone Coach 1: And then an example one be right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: It's not, you don't see it back later. You don't see it back command. And that's because this TCK label has it built in there it's automatically built in there to do that operation, put it on the canvas.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, it's a little know there's a lot going on here that you don't see
Capstone Coach 1: That's not intuitively a, you know, obvious or described description currency to dollars. Now let's just make the description closing stock price.
Capstone Coach 1: And this year, there's the documentation.
Capstone Coach 1: And we're using
Capstone Coach 1: What did they call that let
Capstone Coach 1: Me go back here to
Capstone Coach 1: Quote endpoint. Yeah, using quote endpoint. So I'm going to add that information, quote,
Capstone Coach 1: Endpoint.
Capstone Coach 1: From alpha
Capstone Coach 1: Manage
Capstone Coach 1: Like that. Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So a year from now when I look at this little have a better idea about what I'm doing.
Capstone Coach 1: I can't remember this stuff.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see. Where are we alright so I hope that got your question, Karen.
Capstone Coach 1: What too confusing.
Karen Fireman: Yes or no. That was very big help.
Capstone Coach 1: Thank you. Okay, yeah. So then what we're doing here is something really sophisticated
Capstone Coach 1: You're, you're doing multi threading, which means that you're writing code where you have several things going on at the same time.
Capstone Coach 1: You can have to go the squeeze on the screen at the same time doing different things and they were not going to crash into each other.
Capstone Coach 1: Because you're creating symbols, you're creating variables rather that are inside the code for that one of each group has its own separate code, right. That's the reason for the self.
Capstone Coach 1: The self thing is telling Python that these variables. So they're only inside this class don't show them to anybody else. Nobody else can get to them.
Capstone Coach 1: Whereas this guy without the self in front of it right here. This guy is owned by the original code that called the gooey right down here.
Capstone Coach 1: So down here. The original name of that is root. So the code down here has owns that variable called roots, which is how it just by happenstance. It gets the name change right here, but it's the same in memory. It's the same thing.
Capstone Coach 1: We could have put route here, but I don't like that. So never
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so you're you're doing some you're doing some multi tasking multi. It's called multi threading.
Capstone Coach 1: You, you're able to create this class and then instantiated or create copies of it in the same program all at the same time.
Capstone Coach 1: And they're not going to crash with one another. They're going to be running seven separate parts of memory.
Capstone Coach 1: And they will have their own clock and their own supervisor and everything like that. So you don't you don't get a major system crash or computer crash while you're doing that.
Capstone Coach 1: This is, this is the heart of parallel programming. And if you want to write some code that you know you're doing several things all at the same time.
Capstone Coach 1: They're all running simultaneously. This is sort of the way you would do it. You'd set up.
Capstone Coach 1: Different objects or different classes and then make sure that the variables inside those objects or classes are protected or not given you know they're not variables from
Capstone Coach 1: That are called Global so down here, the root variable in the API key. Those are global variables, which means that anybody
Capstone Coach 1: This code anybody anything in this code can access that variable, the variables that you see with self in front of them like self GYN G when that's a copy of that global variable that is maintained only inside this class, and only with the
Capstone Coach 1: Instance, that's created so
Capstone Coach 1: down here in the bottom. You say my goal equal to stock go here, right, you're creating an instance of that class, and it's known by its name right here. My going okay you could, and we'll, we'll probably do this a little bit later on in the course, you could say.
Capstone Coach 1: The gooey or whatever. Or you could just say gooey to
Capstone Coach 1: As equal to stock gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: And really the the whole thing is everything else as well.
Capstone Coach 1: You do something like this. Okay, except you would want to do this, you'd say route two
Capstone Coach 1: Equals TK like that and you know route to title.
Capstone Coach 1: Title equals to
Capstone Coach 1: You know,
Capstone Coach 1: See stock.
Capstone Coach 1: Price like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you could you could create a second copy of the GUI, and this so this would be rude to here using another canvas. I wouldn't want to use the same canvas, because you could prove you know I don't know exactly. Python has some funny memory.
Capstone Coach 1: Things that are very different from C and Java and so
Capstone Coach 1: Be a little bit careful about that. I think you'd have to create another canvas right here.
Capstone Coach 1: API key is, you're not really changing the API key. So as long as you're not changing the API key or
Capstone Coach 1: You're good. But if you wanted to change the API key. You could, and you'd have to put a different name an acronym right here, provide key like demo or whatever API demo or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And then it says route main loop. You could just say route two main loop. Boom. Boom. So you could create two instances of this gooey and you could operate each one individually different from one another. And that should work.
Capstone Coach 1: As long as you have protected the variables that are being used inside the class and I think we have that we've done that here. So,
Capstone Coach 1: This is a little bit further than I wanted to go tonight. So after race it
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, we're good.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay. And so this is not done yet. There's still some problem or some problems in here.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see what we have.
Capstone Coach 1: Well,
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, let's get lazy and just debug it. Right. So I'm going to go up here to console. And I'm going to restart the Colonel, just to make sure that we're starting with a clean slate.
Capstone Coach 1: And there are some problems in here. Let's see if we can find them and get them corrected. So I hit go. Boom. And it says stock GI object has no attribute convert I have line number 47
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, this is the year right yeah I'm sorry, it doesn't. So it's expecting this to be a function or a variable or something like that. So for now, let's just comment that whole line out
Capstone Coach 1: And run it and see whether we get any anything better coming out. So comment that out.
Capstone Coach 1: Get run
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Hmm.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, I don't see anything running
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, there is right here.
Capstone Coach 1: There are actually two of these guys. The first one I have two copies. One of them was created when I had the error. Right. So I'm going to kill it.
Capstone Coach 1: And notice that the number two here is still running. If you see the red square up on the upper near the upper right here that says that the thread is running. And you also have a number two.
Capstone Coach 1: Working program is running right now. So I think this is the right thing. So we're going to turn into type into symbol IBM well oh well he like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Close price. Well, let's see. We hit price. Notice hand my hand does not look like the cool hand that you do you have
Capstone Coach 1: Little difference between windows and Max like it's a little pointer here little finger pointing so well. Anyway, let's see what happens. Okay, so I have another error. And let's see what it says.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, it says line 56 in stock close, blah, blah.
Capstone Coach 1: Can only content concatenate the string and string is a variable is a is a number. So let's see. Let's see what's going on here. So this is line 56. Let's go and see what what happened there line 56 it's complaining about this symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: And so it's saying that this is not
Capstone Coach 1: A string. Let's see what happened. Let's see where so how symbol was created.
Capstone Coach 1: stock symbol string variable. Hmm.
Capstone Coach 1: stock symbol entry.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, I know what I know what the problem is, I think,
Capstone Coach 1: You see here it says, Oh, no.
Capstone Coach 1: That's fine.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's let's prove out what stock symbol actually looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: Before we call the Skype.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's complaining about the stock close in line 56
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol
Clay Coleman: So it's returning as a PI very zero P why underscore bears zero
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see, what is the I'm trying not where you are yet. I'm looking at line 56 right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: I can only count enough string variable.
Amanda Pham: Is it symbol underscore entry.
Capstone Coach 1: Entry
Capstone Coach 1: So what did you say the, the, the value actually is a self symbol.
Clay Coleman: If you, if you print the self, self.
Clay Coleman: Self symbol it's P why underscore var zero
Clay Coleman: Both the same
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, I'm gonna
Clay Coleman: play another not one second.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, let me catch up to you here. I'm not not as quick as you are so
Capstone Coach 1: I'm going to print out self symbol and self symbol underscore entry.
Capstone Coach 1: And see what happens here. Okay, so there we go.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I'm going to
Capstone Coach 1: Type in IBM
Capstone Coach 1: And head price. Oh.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, there it is.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: What is. Wow.
Capstone Coach 1: What is printing out is garbage P why underscore borrows hero dot and frame dot entry.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, we'll garbage. All right.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's go back up here and take a look and see what we're doing.
Clay Coleman: It looks like you have to do a var get
Capstone Coach 1: A wine.
Clay Coleman: Bar get gets the variable of ours, a reference to take enter into bar.
Clay Coleman: Need to call get in method through represents the value
Clay Coleman: So we, the other one we weren't actually pulling because we had a hard coded to symbols from into Japan. So you were changing them in your code. This one we're actually pulling from the user input and putting into
Clay Coleman: Your URL.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, so, and the other one we pull the information from here dollars.
Capstone Coach 1: See where it self, self dot dollars equals to our bad guy.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: There's, there's the problem. We got some confusion here.
Capstone Coach 1: Column to row one column to row two.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see, so come to row one.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's take it when we take a look at what that what that looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so the first one.
Capstone Coach 1: This guy on symbol is is operating on real one column two, which would be the word symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: That's a label.
Capstone Coach 1: And then the second one is column to Oh, row two.
Capstone Coach 1: So that would be. Oh, so this is column one right here where you see close price. And then this is column to the middle. And this is actually column three on the right hand side.
Karen Fireman: They don't start with zero, they start with one
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, they do. That's that goes
Capstone Coach 1: That goes back to TK
Karen Fireman: Really
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah so TK is so old and see that, you know, once that once upon a time, all the loop started with one. Let's see her. Oh, this is old.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, so there is a there is a column zero but columns here was off the canvas, I believe.
Clay Coleman: Dr. Jones.
Capstone Coach 1: Columns here refers to the just the canvas. So, yes, sir.
Clay Coleman: Dr. Jones, if you go down to your function that gets the stock price.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah.
Clay Coleman: And the if you put in self dot symbol get and the function get
Capstone Coach 1: You're talking about down here.
Clay Coleman: Yes, sir. Type in so symbol dot get open, close parentheses.
Capstone Coach 1: Where
Clay Coleman: You can do it on. So where you're doing your print self dot symbol.
Clay Coleman: Yeah dot get OPEN, CLOSED PARENTHESES
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Clay Coleman: Yes, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: should shut the sky down
Capstone Coach 1: Oh yeah, that was another. That was a boo boo shit or restarted the Colonel.
Capstone Coach 1: Because of this, this multi threading thing you can get in a situation where your spider locks up on you and what you do is go up here under console and restart the Colonel. If that happens,
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so I'm going to run it right now and won't. Okay, there we go. And so I'm going to put it on the IBM thing here, right.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that, sir, and okay now what
Capstone Coach 1: It says, IBM, yeah.
Clay Coleman: Yeah. So now you can pull. So you just pass that in online 57 instead of symbol just your symbol, get the function. And now you can build your URL.
Capstone Coach 1: Before I go that far. I want to go back and look at what's going on up here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe that's that's the right thing to do. I don't know, but I don't. I didn't know. That's a surprise.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's take a look at the dollars thing here. Take a look at this. So this guy right here is the box, it creates the box.
Capstone Coach 1: And that's one of the symbol, but get is working is because inside that box. It's getting the string that's coming out of that box right
Capstone Coach 1: Great. Yeah. So what I wanted to do is use this guy right
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, no.
Capstone Coach 1: This is, this is the price that's going to be written
Capstone Coach 1: To. So let's change self dot dollars to
Capstone Coach 1: Say see price.
Capstone Coach 1: And self dot dollars to see price.
Capstone Coach 1: closing price.
Capstone Coach 1: Close.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: All right, let's see what happens if we take your approach down here. So down here instead of saying self symbol, we would just you're saying we should just say something about yet like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Right.
Clay Coleman: Yes, sir.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Just curious. Okay, now we're going to run this and see what happens.
Brian Frankel: Price should be lowercase.
Capstone Coach 1: You mean. Okay, so I'm going to kill a guy you me right here.
Yes, a good
Capstone Coach 1: Day.
Capstone Coach 1: We get
Capstone Coach 1: Who's helping me right away. I can't see you talking so I
Karen Fireman: Sounded like Brian
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: Over here.
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol IBM like that price.
Capstone Coach 1: Bang Bang. Okay, so it's not showing up the actual price is not showing up in the in the gooey, but we've got at least we are it's running. And it doesn't have any errors.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's cool.
Karen Fireman: Can you
Karen Fireman: Maybe
Capstone Coach 1: We're making progress.
Karen Fireman: Can you scroll down for a little bit for a second, sir, down to the bottom.
Capstone Coach 1: Of the code.
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah yeah like down here.
Karen Fireman: Um yeah cuz I'm having trouble with my gooey. Um, it's saying that it doesn't have the same stock wait object has no attribute stock close, but I don't see where
Karen Fireman: I need stuck close
Capstone Coach 1: Aware in my code. Are you talking about
Karen Fireman: I thought it was at the end line 85 but it isn't there either.
Karen Fireman: I'm getting up, it says my view equals and then it's it's hanging up and says that stock QE object has no attribute stock close
Capstone Coach 1: Yo,
Capstone Coach 1: Yo, on the original so example three there was nothing after that line my gooey except route.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: Going back here.
Capstone Coach 1: I'm not sure why you would be getting an error, right in this area, unless there's something else up here that's
Capstone Coach 1: going wrong. So
Karen Fireman: It's, it's not even. Yeah, it's not even executing
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, it's not executing
Karen Fireman: Right. It's having that problem.
Capstone Coach 1: What problem.
Karen Fireman: Stock up object has no attributes stock.
Capstone Coach 1: Close. Okay.
Karen Fireman: Here we defined it on 52 or
Capstone Coach 1: Up top there. What is saying what it's saying is the variable stock closes, not to find your code.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's go back.
Karen Fireman: Maybe I didn't type it right. I had a capital in there. Oh.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, yeah.
Karen Fireman: What it's doing. Okay, thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Mm hmm.
Karen Fireman: That's it. Thank you. So
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so let's see what what's happening here.
Capstone Coach 1: In this particular version, we've we've looks like we've, we've got the symbol going in correct into the code correctly. So down here we're using symbol get
Capstone Coach 1: The API key and then we're using this now.
Capstone Coach 1: What I don't see here though what I needed to print out is
Capstone Coach 1: Going to reach that Prince front line right there and right here before we close return. Let's print
Capstone Coach 1: The result.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: Let's press the close price.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay. That wasn't me. No, not me.
Capstone Coach 1: All right. Let's see what we got here. Um,
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, that
Capstone Coach 1: Come over here with IBM again.
Capstone Coach 1: And boom, okay. So yes, it's actually getting there. If you look at the output that's being printed out. It's good. Getting 130 dot 08
Capstone Coach 1: As the correct number there. So the
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, so this is working correctly, this, this function stock close it's working correctly. So we're going to get rid of those print statements we know it's working right.
Capstone Coach 1: And so that means that our problem is up here in our, in our code. Let's see what we've got.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so what happens is that when we asked for the price.
Capstone Coach 1: We get the right price.
Capstone Coach 1: But it's not showing up inside the gooey right here. Right.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's see, this would be column two row two. So that would be this thing here which says, See price.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And all of this information is being correctly done correctly. So what's happening here is
Capstone Coach 1: This guy right here that we commented out on he didn't comment if like that.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Karen Fireman: Then, sir, we got rid of that convert
Capstone Coach 1: I know we did, yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: The convert. Let me take a look at that. Go back to this example three the Convert was
Capstone Coach 1: Right here.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: What we're doing is we're calculating the dollars and then we're using the set command.
Capstone Coach 1: To put self dot dollars set and then the USD right there.
Capstone Coach 1: So what I need to do is
Capstone Coach 1: Use the set command for the closing price.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's go back to here.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I think what we need to. I'm going to put. I'm going to put it right in here.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: What I'm going to do is say,
Capstone Coach 1: The button. There it is. This guy right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Let's see, set
Capstone Coach 1: See price.
Capstone Coach 1: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, yeah. The problem is down here at the bottom, it's, it's a little pastor 830 so I'll go ahead and close this down and
Capstone Coach 1: I'm going to continue to work on this and
Capstone Coach 1: If you
Capstone Coach 1: Have any ideas about how to do this and let me know. But I should be able to figure it out here pretty quickly. I just don't want to keep everybody online so
Karen Fireman: Question sir, what is that actually that convert the part that the Convert was doing that you're now trying to do with the
Capstone Coach 1: Color coded to convert took the rate the exchange rate and then turn to then $2 or pesos.
Karen Fireman: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so we're not having to we don't have
Capstone Coach 1: The staff here we're just printed out that one. So what I want to do is put the
Capstone Coach 1: The closing price in that box in the if you look at the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: Right here, which is column to row to I want to put the closing price right in here.
Capstone Coach 1: When I click on price.
Capstone Coach 1: Right here, this should be the closing price. Right.
Karen Fireman: And then that mainframe find what what does that mean being pregnant. Fine.
Capstone Coach 1: I'm not sure, actually, that's what. That's the trouble. I'm having I don't have a documentation on this. And so I've have. I have a mind to just actually
Capstone Coach 1: Get rid of this part right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And also this part right down here. I'm going to comment those out.
Capstone Coach 1: Because I don't think they're needed here.
Capstone Coach 1: We have to take a look up here where it says bottom and label see price and the symbol.
Capstone Coach 1: Hang on the manager, I gotta go back go back and check this out. So this is
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol. Where's the button. This is
Capstone Coach 1: The button and the command is go to close close
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, and what closed does spot close
Capstone Coach 1: It returns. The reason for the return is because previously. I had to go through that version.
Capstone Coach 1: And so it says Show conversion here.
Capstone Coach 1: I'll leave it there.
Capstone Coach 1: So previously, I had to get the rate and then turn it into dollars or pesos. And that's why it's, there's a return here, but that's not necessary now. So all we need to do is take off that return like that and just say,
Capstone Coach 1: Self.
Capstone Coach 1: Dot close price and also self dot result right here.
Capstone Coach 1: And those are automatically going to become then known to the class itself. You don't have to return it.
Capstone Coach 1: Now it says close price here so I'll have to use the same terminology up here. And so it says a symbol entry focus. What this does is it says whatever is a symbol entries show it in the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: And so what I need to do is change civil entering
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Now this is see price right here. So string variable.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Capstone Coach 1: Instead of
Karen Fireman: Yeah. Can you go back there.
Capstone Coach 1: So instead of see price here. I should say close price.
Capstone Coach 1: And text variable close price.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that.
Capstone Coach 1: So this initially it sets close price to a blank, which is string variable.
Capstone Coach 1: And then it shows the, you know, it creates that part of the gooey column to row to right there, but it's empty. So you don't see anything. But as soon as I put something into it right down here. Close prices equal to, it should then show. Let's run it and see if that works.
Capstone Coach 1: So I'm going to close this instance right now and rerun it.
Capstone Coach 1: Hello. Okay, there we go. Coming up, and so I'm going to type in IBM and hit price.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: Result is not defined. Okay, so it's
Capstone Coach 1: Complaining about another problem result great not there.
Capstone Coach 1: It's up here.
Capstone Coach 1: Worse it what's line 63
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, come down.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh result is not defined right here.
Capstone Coach 1: I need to say self.
Capstone Coach 1: Dot resolved.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that right in there because I put instead of putting result here I put self taught resolve, which is the class name and result is a global variable which is so that was really not a good thing to do and
Capstone Coach 1: All right.
Capstone Coach 1: All right. Let's run it again. I think I'm going to, I think I need to clear the research, but the
Capstone Coach 1: Colonel doing now.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: Can we go
Capstone Coach 1: Like
Capstone Coach 1: Nothing happened.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Nothing happened at all.
Capstone Coach 1: Symbol entry focus it should have
Capstone Coach 1: Simple entry.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh,
Capstone Coach 1: I didn't
Capstone Coach 1: Close price.
Capstone Coach 1: Focus.
Capstone Coach 1: So,
Wilson Pineda: Okay, you want to review it offline and then we
Capstone Coach 1: Yeah, I think I better look at this offline and skidding I got I've gotten confusion in here. Major confusion. But we're close.
Capstone Coach 1: All we have to do is figure out why the price is not displaying at that label point and I think we can Google one on one approaches to Google. The documentation to find out for a TIKI TIKI enter. So if you, you know, if you go to Google to enter
Capstone Coach 1: Display
Capstone Coach 1: String
Capstone Coach 1: And
Capstone Coach 1: That should do it. You know, she gives, gives us an example to work from. Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, and I'll post some information online or in the kappa somewhere. If I figure it out. Somebody else figures it out, let me know.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, well,
Karen Fireman: Thank you, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: Thank you very much. Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Bye bye.
Shadi Kilani: Thank you.
Brian Frankel: Thank you professor